a win over the last 12 games
only for Châteauroux it is time
to find the path of victory and
why not at home
the problem is that the opponent
is called gallop third of the ranking
Guingampais on 14 games without
defeat
very impressive who took
points against several big of the
championship of the Guingampais now
pretending to climb
Châteauroux can count on some
of his new recruits roman sartre
in guiding dialo defense in the middle of
ground
the two men are holding a
team of châteauroux almost
complete and the first to get in
action are the guingampais with
Thibault Giresse for this long balloon
the penalty spot and
ladislas douniama who does not succeed
open the score he bute on the goalkeeper
castelroussin a good first
opportunity with this discount is
the Congolese striker who fails
not to mark châteauroux's answer
with this possibility of strikes from
away the balloon falling back to the frame
she resumed at close range
the first parade was beautiful for
planted vincent
but nothing to do on the second strike
that of Benjamin jeannot 27th minute
châteauroux threat 0 this is the eighth
goal of the season of benjamin jeannot the
score 2 0 that lasts until half time
jocelyn gourvennec changed things
in attack for his team
forest and douniama are titular
yatabaré his best scorer and mandanne
started the match on the bench
a choice for the moment that is not
paying
galgan tries to get back in the match
but chateauroux enjoy a lot
opportunities against a player team
there is more space of bad luck on
this possibility of center it happens
directly on Benjamin's head
jeannot who offers a doubled from the
return of the locker room is the first
attack in the second half 46th minute
Châteauroux but 0 9th goal of the
season for janot
guingamp won three of his four
last matches is about to lose
this one the recovery of cédric fauré is
perfect in the 56th minute to reduce
away at 2-1 2nd base of the season for
the former scorer remmois
guingamp is back in the match and
can hope to at least continue its
invincibility series with a draw
only one goal is missing for that
but the castelroussins have a lot of
against attack
a nice series of dribbles allows for
Clement Tainmont to open the way
from goal to 20 minutes from the end this is the
goal of ko the goal of 3 1
what a breakthrough tainmont third goal
of the season for him
Chateauroux leads three plus a superb
home win for
castelroussins he finally finds the
way of victory and inflicts on
guingamp his first loss since 15
matches